Update how.md (#433)
GFDRR/rdl-standard: docs/rdl/how.md

# How do I implement the RDLS?

> To implement the Risk Data Library Standard (RDLS), you need to author RDLS metadata to describe your risk datasets and publish it alongside your datasets. You can either author RDLS metadata from scratch, or use the RDLS Metadata Editor tool to create the metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement the Risk Data Library Standard (RDLS), you need to create RDLS metadata to describe your risk datasets and publish it alongside the datasets. You can either author metadata from scratch using the [RDLS Metadata Editor](https://gfdrr.github.io/CCDR-tools/_static/RDL_MDE.html), or develop a data pipeline to transform existing metadata to RDLS format.
```

I suggest that we keep the reference to converting existing (non-RDLS) metadata to RDLS format, since that wasn't about using the spreadsheet template or RDLS Convertor (which were for converting RDLS metadata between different formats), but about converting the metadata from an existing data catalogue or other system into RDLS format - I've tried to clarify this by mentioning developing a data pipeline.

I've also updated the wording to reflect that the Metadata Editor is still about authoring data from scratch (since users manually complete the fields in the Metadata Editor).

> - The [RDLS Metadata Editor](https://gfdrr.github.io/CCDR-tools/_static/RDL_MDE.html) can be used to create RDLS metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We can delete this line since the Metadata Editor is already mentioned in the introductory paragraph.
